hello lovers nagib
And fishing on technology today we have the second
release of the program fountains and we
Consider such a tanchik as t2lt
for those who are watching us for the first time
I remind you that we are looking for the perfect
premium low stage tank
t2lt
in a nutshell a french american
assembly yes yes you heard right better
all this tank is suitable doubts
Aeschil Aveling French
drummers
Here is such a small batt of the second
level
buys this tank we get speed
70 kilometers good machine gun dynamics
for this all had to pay us armor
punches everyone who has a gun
due to the small size of the tank yet
and criticize and hit your emotions
let's start with the gun 20 millimeter gun m1
my set of 1200 pieces five cassettes
three bullets damage 12 hp per shot or
drum damage 180 km
punch with 30 armor-piercing and 41 under
caliber
98 rounds of fire per minute
drum rechargeable 8 cm
all the projectile in the drum can be released in
for 1 7
it all depends on how fast you are
click the mouse
good vertical guidance minus
8 degrees
review of course useless only 260
building on this that we can on
this tank is best suited
aggressive riding style
or rear start discharging the drum
just look for the earlier shelter for
which you hide on reloading
what of the modules can be advised
for this frame machine
need to strengthen our strong qualities
level the weak
our choice of coated optics
fan and reinforced aiming drives
I would like to mention that you are for this
fine option for medium and
champion mouths which have two left
points this tank is able to quickly take
the desired bush and passively shine regret
few t2lt life points and full
uselessness of the machine gun against the t-50 ip52
and allows him to activity
Here we simply replace them with its
information on the stereo and mass
This is only the personal opinion of the author as
I will be able to get flax t2lt which with
engaged in success and active of
consumables first aid kit
repair kit and also pump the crew
people choose a light bulb commander
the rest is disguise as something
treason noticed the longer we will
judged well to give doru not lit up, too
not good
the guarantor came to life take it immediately repair it
will allow me to leave playa and
shooting down the tracks here in short what
what is it given there
great car that in straight
hands capable work wonders
the next video we will look at the Soviet
led
those 120 until new meeting you was act to
film